Let's Explore the Inside of the Robot's Body!
================

.. raw:: html

    <div style="background: #C3F8FF" class="admonition note custom">
        <p style="background: light-blue" class="admonition-title">
            Follow Along: Robot Sensor Visualization
        </p>
        <div class="line-block">
            <div class="line"><strong>-</strong> This mission is an <strong>team project</strong></div>
            <div class="line"><strong>-</strong> Access the Isaac Sight server and monitor the robot's sensors.</div>
            <div class="line"><strong>-</strong> While moving the robot, check the change amount of the sensors according to the change of the robot. </div>
        </div>
    </div>

.. raw:: html

.. thumbnail:: /_images/Day2/3.monitor_sensor/autodrive.jpg

Overall Description
-----------------------

- The sensors in the body of the robot are similar to those in the human body.

- The table below compares the sensors on the robot with those in the human body.

.. list-table:: 
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Inside the Robot
     - Inside the Human
   * - |part_1| 
     - |part_6|
   * - Jetson Nano
     - Brain 
   * - |part_2| 
     - |part_7| 
   * - LIDAR Sensor
     - Superpower
   * - |part_3| 
     - |part_8|
   * - Camera
     - Eyes
   * - |part_4| 
     - |part_9| 
   * - Ultrasonic Sensor
     - Ears
   * - |part_5| 
     - |part_10| 
   * - Battery
     - Heart

.. |part_1| thumbnail:: /_images/Day2/3.monitor_sensor/parts_1.webp
.. |part_2| thumbnail:: /_images/Day2/3.monitor_sensor/parts_2.webp 
.. |part_3| thumbnail:: /_images/Day2/3.monitor_sensor/parts_3.webp 
.. |part_4| thumbnail:: /_images/Day2/3.monitor_sensor/parts_4.webp 
.. |part_5| thumbnail:: /_images/Day2/3.monitor_sensor/parts_5.jpg
.. |part_6| thumbnail:: /_images/Day2/3.monitor_sensor/brain.png
.. |part_7| thumbnail:: /_images/Day2/3.monitor_sensor/superpower.jpg
.. |part_8| thumbnail:: /_images/Day2/3.monitor_sensor/eye.png
.. |part_9| thumbnail:: /_images/Day2/3.monitor_sensor/ear.png
.. |part_10| thumbnail:: /_images/Day2/3.monitor_sensor/heart.png

- Like the human body, each sensor in the robot is work together again.

- We will go inside the robot's body and explore how its sensors work.

- For this mission, we will access Isaac Sight, and check how the visual representations change when we move our robots. 


Accessing Isaac Sight
-----------------------

- Isaac Sight web service is mounted on port:3000 and can be accessed via `<http://10.42.0.1:3000/>`_ website.

- Make sure that the host computer is connected to the zeta wifi. 

- When the website is accessed, the screen similar to the following will be displayed:

.. thumbnail:: /_images/Day2/3.monitor_sensor/screenshot1.png

|

- The middle of the section displays multiple windows with 2D visuals from various sensors. 

- The color and other visual settings may be accessed via the pencil icon or by directly updating the setting by right clicking on the desired visual. 

- On the left you, the Isaac Sight displays all the available channels which can be visualized. 

- Activate all the available sensors and check for the visuals.

Checking Visuals
-------------------

- Lets move our robot to check how the visuals of the sensors change.

- IMU stands for Inertial Measurement Unit.

- IMU is a device that measures and reports the specific force (acceleration) and angular rate (rotation) of an object in three-dimensional space.

- Odometry is a method used to estimate the position and movement of a robot or a vehicle based on the changes observed in wheel motion.

- Odometry relies on measuring the rotation of wheels and the distance traveled by a robot or a vehicle to estimate its movement and position.

.. thumbnail:: /_images/Day2/3.monitor_sensor/screenshot2.png

|

- In this part, the angular x,y,z and orientation x,y,z,w values of the IMU value can be checked with graphs and measured values.

.. thumbnail:: /_images/Day2/3.monitor_sensor/screenshot3.png

|

- In this part, you can check the orientation, z, w values, position x, y values, and ilnear x, angular z values of Odometry with graphs and measured values.