Interface UI
=========================

.. raw:: html

    <div style="background: #C3F8FF" class="admonition note custom">
        <p style="background: light-blue" class="admonition-title">
            Follow Along: About Interface UI
        </p>
        <div class="line-block">
            <div class="line"><strong>-</strong> This is a description of the UI and various contents.</div>
            <div class="line"><strong>-</strong> Know the content and purpose of each item. </div>
        </div>
    </div>

.. raw:: html

Overall
-----------------------

.. thumbnail:: /_images/Day1/5.gotcha/ui_base.png

- The entire UI is like the picture above.

- You can enjoy various entertainment projects through the UI.

- The first is 'Performing with a robot'.

- The Second is 'Catching monsters'.

- The third is 'Artificial Intelligence Education'.

- Finally, 'Let's save robots and the earth'.

- You can enter sub-menus by clicking each button.

Performing with a robot
-----------------------

.. thumbnail:: /_images/Day1/3.arm_dance/ui2-1.png

- Click the 'Performing with a robot' button.

.. thumbnail:: /_images/Day1/3.arm_dance/ui2-2.png

- After waiting for a while, click the 'start' button and the robot arm will dance to the music.

Catching monsters
-----------------------

.. thumbnail:: /_images/Day1/5.gotcha/ui1-1.png

- Click the 'Catching monsters' button.

.. thumbnail:: /_images/Day1/5.gotcha/ui1-2.png

- A timer of 3 minutes for each individual, 2 minutes for each team, and 1 minute for the team is given in order of each button.

- Enjoy catching monsters at the click of a button that suits the situation.

Artificial Intelligence Education
-----------------------

.. thumbnail:: /_images/Day1/5.gotcha/ui3.png

- Click the 'Artificial Intelligence Education' button.

.. thumbnail:: /_images/Day1/3.arm_dance/ui2-2.png

- After waiting for a while, press the 'start' button to close the UI window, and AI training is ready to run.

Let's save robots and the earth
-----------------------

.. thumbnail:: /_images/Day1/5.gotcha/ui4.png

- Click the 'Let's save robots and the earth' button.

.. thumbnail:: /_images/Day1/3.arm_dance/ui2-2.png

- After waiting for a while, press the 'start' button to start the relay race.

